README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Andhika Nurdyansyah</h1>
<p align="center">
  💼 Senior Technical Consultant | 🛠️ DevOps & Cloud-Native Engineer | 🔐 Network & Security Specialist
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=andhikanurdyansyah&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="Profile Views" />
  <a href="https://github.com/andhikanurdyansyah?tab=followers">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/andhikanurdyansyah?label=Followers&style=social" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🔍 About Me

I am a **Senior Technical Consultant** with hands-on experience in:

- **DevOps Engineering**
- **Cloud-Native Architecture (AWS, EKS)**
- **API Gateway & IBM API Connect**
- **Network & Security Engineering**
- **Observability Stack (Prometheus, Grafana, Graylog)**

I focus on **automation, scalability, and reliability**, helping organizations build secure, efficient, and high-performance infrastructure.

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

### **💻 Programming & Frameworks**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat&logo=django)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=flat&logo=node.js)
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?style=flat&logo=vue.js)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Three.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-000000?style=flat)

---

### **☁️ DevOps & Cloud**
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat&logo=kubernetes)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws)
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Cloud-4285F4?style=flat&logo=google-cloud)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?style=flat&logo=microsoft-azure)
![Oracle Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle_Cloud-F80000?style=flat)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=flat&logo=github-actions)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-7B42BC?style=flat&logo=terraform)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-EE0000?style=flat&logo=ansible)

---

### **🛰️ API Gateway & Security**
![IBM APIC](https://img.shields.io/badge/IBM-API_Connect-blue?style=flat)
![NGINX](https://img.shields.io/badge/NGINX-009639?style=flat&logo=nginx)
![HAProxy](https://img.shields.io/badge/HAProxy-0E83C4?style=flat&logo=haproxy)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

---

### **📡 Observability & Monitoring**
![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?style=flat&logo=prometheus)
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-F46800?style=flat&logo=grafana)
![Graylog](https://img.shields.io/badge/Graylog-FF3633?style=flat)
![PRTG](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRTG_Network_Monitor-009FDA?style=flat)

---

## 📌 Highlighted Projects

| Project | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **[ePilih](https://github.com/andhikanurdyansyah/ePilih)** | A simple E-Voting system built using Django + PostgreSQL + Docker |
| **APIC Monitoring Stack** | Observability pipeline using Prometheus, Grafana, Graylog, Node Exporter (private repo soon) |
| **[Telegram Automation Bot](https://github.com/andhikanurdyansyah/nodepay-airdrop-bot)** | A highly-optimized Telegram automation bot using Telethon |
| **Infra Scripts** | DevOps automations, deployment scripts, environment setup utilities |

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img 
    src="https://github-readme-stats.zcy.dev/api?username=andhikanurdyansyah&show_icons=true&theme=github_dark&hide_title=false" 
    alt="GitHub Stats" 
  />
</p>

---

## 🌐 Portfolio & Contact

- 🌍 Personal Website: **https://andhikanurdyansyah.vercel.app**  
- 💼 LinkedIn: **https://linkedin.com/in/andhikanurdyansyah**  
- 📧 Email: **andhikanurdyansyah@gmail.com**  
- 📱 WhatsApp: **https://wa.me/6285788883297?text=Hi%20Andhika!/**  
- 📸 Instagram: **https://www.instagram.com/andhikanurdyansyah/**  
- 👍 Facebook: **https://www.facebook.com/andhika.nurdyansyah/**  
- 🐦 Twitter/X: **https://x.com/andhikanurdyans**

---

<p align="center">🚀 Focused on Automation, Security, and Cloud-Native Engineering</p>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated profile details
Updated personal information and added links to GitHub and personal website.

README.md, after:

<!-- SEO Identity Block -->
This is the official **GitHub profile of Andhika Nurdyansyah**.

Andhika Nurdyansyah is a **Senior Technical Consultant** specializing in **DevOps, Cloud-Native infrastructure, API Gateway, and Security Engineering**.

Official GitHub account: https://github.com/andhikanurdyansyah  
Personal website: https://andhikanurdyansyah.vercel.app

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Andhika Nurdyansyah</h1>
<p align="center">
  💼 Senior Technical Consultant | 🛠️ DevOps & Cloud-Native Engineer | 🔐 Network & Security Specialist
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=andhikanurdyansyah&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="Profile Views" />
  <a href="https://github.com/andhikanurdyansyah?tab=followers">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/andhikanurdyansyah?label=Followers&style=social" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🔍 About Me

My name is **Andhika Nurdyansyah**, and this GitHub profile (andhikanurdyansyah) is where I share my work, experiments, and open-source contributions related to DevOps and cloud engineering.

- **DevOps Engineering**
- **Cloud-Native Architecture (AWS, EKS)**
- **API Gateway & IBM API Connect**
- **Network & Security Engineering**
- **Observability Stack (Prometheus, Grafana, Graylog)**

I focus on **automation, scalability, and reliability**, helping organizations build secure, efficient, and high-performance infrastructure.

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

### **💻 Programming & Frameworks**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat&logo=django)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=flat&logo=node.js)
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?style=flat&logo=vue.js)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Three.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-000000?style=flat)

---

### **☁️ DevOps & Cloud**
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat&logo=kubernetes)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws)
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Cloud-4285F4?style=flat&logo=google-cloud)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?style=flat&logo=microsoft-azure)
![Oracle Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle_Cloud-F80000?style=flat)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=flat&logo=github-actions)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-7B42BC?style=flat&logo=terraform)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-EE0000?style=flat&logo=ansible)

---

### **🛰️ API Gateway & Security**
![IBM APIC](https://img.shields.io/badge/IBM-API_Connect-blue?style=flat)
![NGINX](https://img.shields.io/badge/NGINX-009639?style=flat&logo=nginx)
![HAProxy](https://img.shields.io/badge/HAProxy-0E83C4?style=flat&logo=haproxy)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

---

### **📡 Observability & Monitoring**
![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?style=flat&logo=prometheus)
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-F46800?style=flat&logo=grafana)
![Graylog](https://img.shields.io/badge/Graylog-FF3633?style=flat)
![PRTG](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRTG_Network_Monitor-009FDA?style=flat)

---

## 📌 Highlighted Projects

| Project | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **[ePilih](https://github.com/andhikanurdyansyah/ePilih)** | A simple E-Voting system built using Django + PostgreSQL + Docker |
| **APIC Monitoring Stack** | Observability pipeline using Prometheus, Grafana, Graylog, Node Exporter (private repo soon) |
| **[Telegram Automation Bot](https://github.com/andhikanurdyansyah/nodepay-airdrop-bot)** | A highly-optimized Telegram automation bot using Telethon |
| **Infra Scripts** | DevOps automations, deployment scripts, environment setup utilities |

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img 
    src="https://github-readme-stats.zcy.dev/api?username=andhikanurdyansyah&show_icons=true&theme=github_dark&hide_title=false" 
    alt="GitHub Stats" 
  />
</p>

---

## 🌐 Portfolio & Contact

- 🌍 Personal Website: **https://andhikanurdyansyah.vercel.app**  
- 💼 LinkedIn: **https://linkedin.com/in/andhikanurdyansyah**  
- 📧 Email: **andhikanurdyansyah@gmail.com**  
- 📱 WhatsApp: **https://wa.me/6285788883297?text=Hi%20Andhika!/**  
- 📸 Instagram: **https://www.instagram.com/andhikanurdyansyah/**  
- 👍 Facebook: **https://www.facebook.com/andhika.nurdyansyah/**  
- 🐦 Twitter/X: **https://x.com/andhikanurdyans**

---

© 2025 Andhika Nurdyansyah — GitHub: https://github.com/andhikanurdyansyah
<p align="center">🚀 Focused on Automation, Security, and Cloud-Native Engineering</p>
